---
title: "Memristors"
date: "2026-02-15T12:39:26+01:00"
draft: false
description: ""
categories: 
    - wall
---

## 14:13
Morning work is done, starting work on my thesis. 

## 14:20
Reading a paper on dynamical behaviour of iontonic memristor-capacitor networks. Need to decide on a model to use for my research. basically, we have an infinite-dimensional dynamical system based on a time-delay parameter, and a 2-dimensional system based on HP memristors. 

## 14:32 
The trade-off that we are making is one of low dimensionality within our dynamical system and few components used in the final system. 

## 14:50 
I should look into how the HP memristor and our own differ. Maybe one can be transformed into the other using other circuit items? 

## 15:03
Pivoting research towards general (chaotic) dynamical systems now. Found some leads that I wish to work out on pen-and-paper. 

## 15:40
Some chaotic systems I have found in my research:
- Fast / Slow systems (3 dimensional, 1 extra component) 
- Chua circuit with nonlinear resistor subbed for memristor (4 dimensional, 3 extra components)
- HP memristor circuit (2 dimensional, component replacement)
- Time-delay memristor circuits (infinite dimensional, no extra components) 

## 15:57
Topological chaos in the parallel inductor-capacitor-memristor circuit. Interesting paper I just found. 

## 16:14
Adding to the chaotic systems
- Parallel LCM circuit. (3 dimensional, 1 extra component)
- Resistance switching models (3 dimensional, not sure how to augment)
- Edge of chaos kernels (EOCK, 3 dimensional, 1 extra component?)

## 16:19
Found a research paper using the MMS memristor model. May need to investigate further. 

## 17:07
Found and read a bunch of research paper, saved the important ones. Now I'll probably be looking into all of these and making a selection of ones to present to my supervisors. 



