---
title: "September 1, 2025"
date: "2025-09-01T20:40:44+02:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
I played with randomisation in Javascript to make this template, and learned how to convert my usual lay-out to new HTML elements.

## Thought I Thought
Umbrellas are really cool weapons if you hold them like a baseball bat 


## Today's Media
Watched "City the animation" by KyoAni, which I still find incredibly wholesome. Read a chapter of "Press reset" by Jason Schreier, which is more of a gut-punch in terms of what the Game industry is like. 

## Song Of The Day
"Lucky" by TOMOO <3


## A Fascinating World
Soul Syndrome: Living in your own world to such a degree that other people are nothing but ghosts. What an interesting bus ride you would have there, in a world abandoned yet not. 


## Complaining Corner
It rained the whole day, but I wanted to bike, so instead I kept tinkering more with my blog. 

## My Patch Notes
I have done some reflecting on my session at the Joyful Garden Sangha in Singapore. In my next update I will practice deeper listening with less judgement to make sure that I don't assert myself to much on others. 

## Mental Weather
Filled with love, joy and child-like spirit !

## Special Thanks To 
Randomness, for spicing up our life

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow I will be getting my visa for China in order, and I will be putting the changes to my blog to rest. I also look forward to eating delicious Singa food for lunch, maybe I'll have some Bak kut teh. 
