---
title: "September 3, 2025"
date: "2025-09-03T20:54:12+08:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
That the Chinese Visa system can be quite the pain in the ***

## Thought I Thought
How lucky I am to have you and I live in the same world. 

## Today's Media
I watched a few episodes of the good place, and finished the book "Press reset".

## Song Of The Day
My favorite song: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9Sn1nFGQQ8](Color you night, from Persona 3 reload). Today again, it helped me be filled with love. 

## Today's Question
Would an earring look good on me? 

## Note To Self
Don't eat too much if the food is delicous!

## A Fascinating World
Night is day, day is night. How interesting and scenic it would be if all our activities took place under the glowing moon in the dark of night. We miss a lot of inspiration and magic because we miss a lot of nights. 

## Complaining Corner
The Chinese visa website is really unclear about which visa you need to apply for. Everything worked out in the end, so no worries :)

## Mental Weather
Tired, exhausted even, after an arduous encounter with the Chinese visa center. Still hopeful and lucky though. 

## Special Thanks To 
The couple that sat next to me at the restaurant, for teaching me their ways. 

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, i will be doing some studying, light programming and language learning. 

## Sacred Snack
Karu's Banana leaf restaurant! It was amazing worth for your money, and lots of super great mutton! North Indian cuisine. 
