---
title: "November 30, 2025"
date: "2025-11-30T19:49:54+01:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
The fundamental math needed for Quantum mechanics. 

## Thought I Thought
I should maybe switch up some of the prompts for the daily drop after each month... We'll see what I decide tomorrow I guess. 

## Today's Media
I watched some more Yu Yu Hakusho, currently at episode 84.  

## Song Of The Day
Some random Lofi music for the chill vibes. 

## Today's Question
Today, I ask myself how to keep the balance of things in life. The current things I tend to focus on are creativity, study, work, household, exercise and social relationships. I hope my balance is doing well at the moment (I feel so at least), but sometimes it can feel a bit much to manage. I should start looking into making this easier for myself. 

## Note To Self
Wear more clothes, you'll catch a cold!

## A Fascinating World
I would be hella interested in a world where we are able to look outside of ourselves to percieve our day in a 3rd person view. Maybe almost like a management sim. How much different would we be living life if we had this kind of overview? 

## Complaining Corner
I feel like I keep forgetting small things recently, maybe I should meditate for clarity a bit more the coming weeks. 

## Mental Weather
Feeling sluggish but content. Don't have too much on my mind, so that is always nice!

## Special Thanks To 
Niels again, for being such a pleasant person to talk to over lunch.

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, I will be doing some exercise and university work. I'd also like to do some more Chinese homework as well, as I am really close to having mastered HSK 3. 

## Sacred Snack
I had lunch with Niels, and ate some really nice bell-pepper + hummus sandwiches. 


