---
title: "November 26, 2025"
date: "2025-11-26T23:14:49+01:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
How to use MVar to make thread safe datastructures. 

## Thought I Thought
I should find a way to write these blogs on my phone as well. Should be able to figure something out, as this is just markdown... 

## Today's Media
A twitter post saying the plural form of mutex is deadlock. Yeah, I felt that. 

## Song Of The Day
Retrogade, James Blake. 

## Today's Question
What do I still need to do in the next 18 days. 

## Note To Self
Don't only use conditionar for washing your hair / don't wash it too often when not needed. 

## A Fascinating World
How come most people have surpressed their urge to dance when listening to music on their headphones...

## Complaining Corner
I have bruises and injuries all over my body, suckssss

## Mental Weather
Tired, fulfilled, looking forward to all the things planned for the coming months. 

## Special Thanks To 
My brother, for always helping me out during dinner when I need a flashlight to operate the wok. 

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, I will be doing a lot of hand-ins for university. I'll also be cooking some 回锅肉 and taking a rest day from exercise.  

## Sacred Snack
I made 担担面, it was incredibly tasty, and I really liked how it turned out with sesame paste instead of peanut butter. 

## Chinese Homework
I did some Chinese listening exercises, had 2 hours of online class as well. Learned how 不得不, 不但 。。。 而且 and 只要 。。。 就 in sentences. 