---
title: "March 30, 2026"
date: "2026-03-30T18:05:31+02:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
How to tunnel your localhost to a server using ssh, and how to host two instances of an app on the same remote server. 

## Biography worthy
I finally got the server working, after about 4 hours of trying this afternoon. 

## Thought I Thought
I think it would be a good idea to start making a game with (most of) my group of the software project. 

## Today's Media
I played bapbap with friends today. 

## Song Of The Day
Sunrise ~ Breakfast song from the movie "from up on poppy hill" 

## Note To Self
Make sure to stand more often when tackling difficult problems, and also write down problems you have faced in the past when it comes to difficult to solve problems. 

## Game inspiration
A game where you are placed on a bus, all other humans on earth are gone. The bus drives itself through nice landscapes while you are able to walk and climb inside and around the bus. The entire game takes place on this bus, but it navigates through different environments that each alter parts of the gameplay. The vibe reminds me of being in a bus over a highway with only me and the busdriver. I believe I called this phenomenon soul syndrome. There could also be other vehicles without drivers on the roads you traverse. 

## Language Lounge
I did some word practice on the bus from and to uni. 

## Complimenting Corner
I'd like to compliment Armand for being able to quickly help think through a problem with me. 

## Mental Weather
Feeling a bit sluggish, and my back aches a bit. Besides that, I feel great. 

## Special Thanks To 
This lovely spring weather.

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, I will be working hard on my thesis. I didn't do anything this weekend, as I was busy with other stuff. Therefore, I hope to make up for it. 

## Stupendous Snack
I made really nice twice cooked pork today. 
