---
title: "June 2, 2026"
date: "2026-06-02T22:46:09+02:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
I learned everything there is to know about the Urnings rating system in adaptive learning environments. 

## Thought I Thought
I am laughing a lot lately, love for the world is loud. 

## Today's Media
I watched episode 9 of Akane-Banashi, an anime on Rakugo. This anime is teaching me a lot about public speaking and audience management. Highly recommend it. 

## Song Of The Day
"Been so long", by Neon Vectors and Macross 82-99. Nice future pop, 'cause I felt like it. 

## Note To Self
Keep writing blogs to document your life. Later, you will be able to read back on these days and feel good about them. 

## Resistance Report
Today, I felt a lot of resistance in writing Chapter 8 of my Thesis, summarizing the results. I think this is because I'm not sure how to format this section. 

## My Mini Manifesto
LLM's where never meant to be used for replacing workers. Instead, it should be used as an enhanced data propagator with text-based interface. More products should aim small, to employ AI to its full potential. 

## Game inspiration
A game where we don't make a game, and we all get to go home early. DOHOHOHO

## Mental Weather
Feeling relaxed. Got a lot on my plate, but managing well. 

## Today's top 3
Top 3 Restaurants in Barneveld (village, not municipality):
- Yume Phan
- Gribus
- Alberto's  

## Special Thanks To 
My dad, for always supporting us at home having the best intentions. 

## Wiseposting
An intelligent man does what he loves, a wise man loves what he does. 

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, I will be working from home and writing my thesis. Hopefully writing Chapter 8, but probably integrating some feedback. 

## Stupendous Snack
Today, I made really nice Creamy chicken thighs. [Check it out!](https://paulstapel.com/recipes/creamy-chicken-thigh/).