---
title: "March 14, 2026"
date: "2026-03-14T23:54:33+01:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
I learned about different frameworks for A/B testing. I especially learned a lot about posthog. 

## Biography worthy
If today were a biography, I'd write about how I realised once again how grateful I am for all the wonderful people in my life. 

## Thought I Thought
I should really write more of these, as I like reading back about my days.

## Today's Media
I am currently watching the One Piece life action, season 2. watched the first two episodes of drum island. 

## Song Of The Day
Song of the day is Bink's sake, the one piece is real or whatever. 

## Note To Self
I should really get to working more on my thesis. I have a feeling like I'm procrastinating it a little. 

## Game inspiration
For games, I really like the idea of games giving you the feeling like you are on a journey with friends. I feel like a lot of games feel a bit lonely somehow. 

## Language Lounge
After I am done with Chinese, I could learn Spanish or Portuguese. 

## Complimenting Corner
I'd like to compliment myself for becoming more social in the last few years.

## Mental Weather
I am feeling really stable, happy, jovial and in general just powerful.

## Special Thanks To 
Hans, for always keeping me company at home. 

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, I will be making big progress for my thesis, completing a lot of important calculations. 

## Stupendous Snack
I ate really good burritos today. Adding a square of chocolate to it really elevated the flavor. 
