---
title: "June 2, 2026"
date: "2026-06-02T23:00:24+02:00"
draft: false
categories: 
    - daily drop
---

## Today I Learned  
How to integrate feedback from your peers into a thesis document. 

## Thought I Thought
How can we make grocery shopping more optimal per person while keeping it versatile and affordable? Hmmm. 

## Today's Media
I read [a really interesting article](https://www.amazon.science/blog/how-flat-is-replacing-fat-in-aws-data-center-networks) from Amazon about flat vs fat node topology in datacenters. 

## Song Of The Day
"Me Gustas Tu" by Manu Chao

## Note To Self
Stay on top of the laundry man!

## Resistance Report
I had some friction when I wanted to write for my blog. I believe the idea of doing daily drops when I can easily miss some days seems intimidating to me. 

## My Mini Manifesto
I believe everyone should have a blog. Not only to bring back the old internet, but also because writing about yourself, AI free, is a good way to keep personality alive, and the worlds seems to be turning more and more homogeneous. 

## Game inspiration
I think making a spiritual successor to the Yo-Kai Watch games would be really cool. Games lack that kind of childlike wonder nowadays, and attention of detail can be really important to making a game "feel" big. 

## Mental Weather
Feeling so-so. Bit tired, but happy to be exercising a lot again. 

## Today's top 3
Top 3 things on my desk right now in terms of vibes: 
1. A M4 macbook pro
2. A box of jewelry with pins, rings and necklaces
3. A Skinarma JUNO laptop sleeve

## Special Thanks To 
The interwebs, for always keeping me up to date. 

## Wiseposting
Is the music really worth listening to if it is not worth dancing to? Dancing with the feet, with ideas, with words or the pen! 

## What Tomorrow Holds
Tomorrow, I will be working on the software project for Cito, probably building onboarding guide for new users to our webapp. 

## Stupendous Snack
I had beef tenderloin at a restaurant today, and it was amazing! Rare is the way to go for good quality meat :nod:. 
